feat: ui.menu component (#1076)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/menu_trigger.md

    ui.action_button("View"),
    ui.menu(
        ui.item("Side bar"),
        ui.item("Page options"),
        ui.item("Edit panel"),
        selection_mode="multiple",
    ),
    close_on_select=False,
)
```

### Flipping

By default, the `menu` flips direction automatically upon opening when space is limited. To change this, set the `should_flip` prop to `False`. Try scrolling the viewport close to the edge of the trigger in the example to see this in action.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_flip_example = ui.flex(
    ui.menu_trigger(
        ui.action_button("Edit"),
        ui.menu(
            ui.item("Cut"),
            ui.item("Copy"),
            ui.item("Paste"),
        ),
        should_flip=True,
    ),
    ui.menu_trigger(
        ui.action_button("View"),
        ui.menu(
            ui.item("Side bar"),
            ui.item("Page options"),
            ui.item("Edit panel"),
        ),
        should_flip=False,
    ),
    gap="size-100",
)
```

### Open

The `is_open` and `default_open` props on the `menu_trigger` control whether the Menu is open by default. They apply controlled and uncontrolled behavior on the `menu` respectively.

> ```python

Reviewer: I see this example was copied from the Spectrum docs, but it doesn't really seem to showcase what the props do since it behaves the same as if `is_open` wasn't set at all.

Author: Added a text to show the state.

Reviewer: Since the description says the props control whether the Menu is open by default, it might be good to initialize the state with `ui.use_boolean(True)` so that it is open initially.

# Menu Trigger

The `menu_trigger` serves as a wrapper around a `menu` and its associated trigger, linking the menu's open state with the trigger's press state.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_menu_trigger_example = ui.menu_trigger(
    ui.action_button("Edit"),
    ui.menu(
        ui.item("Cut"),
        ui.item("Copy"),
        ui.item("Paste"),
    ),
)
```

## Content

The `menu_trigger` accepts exactly two children: the element which triggers the opening of the `menu` and the `menu` itself. The trigger element must be the first child passed into the `menu_trigger` and should support press events.

## Events

> `menu_trigger` accepts an `on_open_change` handler which is triggered whenever the `menu` is opened or closed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`menu_trigger` accepts an `on_open_change` handler, which is triggered whenever the `menu` is opened or closed.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def open_change_example():
    is_open, set_open = ui.use_boolean()
    return ui.flex(
        ui.menu_trigger(
            ui.action_button("Edit"),
            ui.menu(
                ui.item("Cut"),
                ui.item("Copy"),
                ui.item("Paste"),
            ),
            on_open_change=set_open.toggle,
        ),
        ui.text(f"Currently open: {is_open}"),
        gap="size-100",
        align_items="center",
    )

my_open_change_example = open_change_example()
```

## Long press

> By default, a menu_trigger's menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the Space or Enter keys. However, there may be cases in which your trigger element should perform a separate default action on press such as selection, and should only display the menu when long pressed. This behavior can be changed by providing `longPress` to the `trigger` prop. With this prop, the menu will only be opened upon pressing and holding the trigger element or by using the Option (Alt on Windows) + Down Arrow/Up Arrow keys while focusing the trigger element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, a `menu_trigger`'s menu is opened by pressing the trigger element or activating it via the Space or Enter keys. However, there may be cases where your trigger element should perform a separate default action on press, such as selection, and should only display the menu when long-pressed. This behavior can be changed by providing `longPress` to the `trigger` prop. With this prop, the menu will only be opened upon pressing and holding the trigger element or by using the Option (Alt on Windows) + Down Arrow/Up Arrow keys while focusing the trigger element.
```

> The example below illustrates how one would setup a `menu_trigger` to have long press behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below illustrates how one would set up a `menu_trigger` to have long press behavior.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_long_press_example = ui.menu_trigger(
    ui.action_button("Crop tool", on_press=print("Cropping!")),
    ui.menu(
        ui.item("Crop Rotate"),
        ui.item("Slice"),
        ui.item("Clone stamp"),
    ),
    trigger="longPress",
)
```

## Visual options

### Align and direction

> The `align` prop aligns the `menu` relative to the `trigger` and the direction prop controls the `direction` the `menu` will render

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `align` prop aligns the `menu` relative to the `trigger` and the direction prop controls the `direction` the `menu` will render.
```

        ui.item("Page options"),
        ui.item("Edit panel"),
        selection_mode="multiple",
    ),
    close_on_select=False,
)
```

### Flipping

By default, the `menu` flips direction automatically upon opening when space is limited. To change this, set the `should_flip` prop to `False`. Try scrolling the viewport close to the edge of the trigger in the example to see this in action.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_flip_example = ui.flex(
    ui.menu_trigger(
        ui.action_button("Edit"),
        ui.menu(
            ui.item("Cut"),
            ui.item("Copy"),
            ui.item("Paste"),
        ),
        should_flip=True,
    ),
    ui.menu_trigger(
        ui.action_button("View"),
        ui.menu(
            ui.item("Side bar"),
            ui.item("Page options"),
            ui.item("Edit panel"),
        ),
        should_flip=False,
    ),
    gap="size-100",
)
```

### Open

The `is_open` and `default_open` props on the `menu_trigger` control whether the Menu is open by default. They apply controlled and uncontrolled behavior on the `menu` respectively.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def open_example():

>     is_open, set_open = ui.use_boolean()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    is_open, set_open = ui.use_boolean(True)
```
